Terms and Conditions 

 

These INSEE Order & Delivery Management System (“INSEE PRO”) terms of service (this "Agreement") are entered into by Siam City Cement (Lanka) Limited and the entity or person agreeing to this Agreement ("you” or “your”) and govern your access to and use of our products. "INSEE PRO" has the meaning given here and “we” or “us” means Siam City Cement (Lanka) Limited . This Agreement is effective when you click to accept it (the "Effective Date"). If you are accepting on behalf of a company, you represent and warrant that (i) you have full legal authority to bind that company to this Agreement; (ii) you have read and understand this Agreement; and (iii) you agree, on behalf of that company, to this Agreement.  

 

 

INSEE ODMS 

 

This Application is an order & delivery management system that shall enable you to create and manage your sales orders for the Products offered by us (“Sales Orders”).    

 

REGISTRATION AND PLACING ORDER 

 

In order to access and use the INSEE PRO you shall be required to register for the INSEE PRO via the web browser or the mobile application.  

By registering and submitting your Sales Order, you consent to us conducting verification and security procedures in respect of the information provided in the Order. 

On our acceptance of your first Sales Order, you shall be sent an email (“Confirmation Email”) confirming your registration with us and details of how to log in. Further Confirmation Emails shall be sent on our acceptance of any subsequent Sales Orders you send to us. 

You hereby warrant that the information provided by you is true, accurate and correct. You further warrant that you shall promptly notify us in the event of any changes to such information provided. 

You hereby authorize users created by you and our sales officers to create Sales Orders on your behalf. 

All Sales Orders generated by you, your users or our sales officers on your behalf shall be final and binding on you and shall be conclusive evidence of the creation of the Sales Order. 

You undertake to exercise a duty of care to ensure INSEE PRO is not accessed by unauthorized persons. 

You shall at all times ensure Sales Order information is included correctly. We shall not reverse or treat as unauthorized any Sale Order that contain errors occasioned by you or any user on your behalf. 

You shall at all times to responsible for all Sale Order created under the user accounts of you, your users or our sales officers.  

If a third party accesses the INSEE PRO of a user account using the password with or without the authorization of the user for all intent and purposes such access shall be considered an authorized access and all Sale Orders conducted shall be valid. 

You may not assign or otherwise dispose of any of the INSEE PRO user‘s rights and obligations under this Agreement. We may transfer or assign its rights and obligations under these conditions and such transfer or assignment shall be effective upon notification of the same to the user. 

If we upgrade, update or modify INSEE PRO (the "Modifications"), you may be required to promptly install and use the Modifications in order for you to be able to continue to access and use the Service. 

You shall provide any additional information which we may reasonably request from time to time, failing which it may result in the suspension or termination of the account at our sole discretion.  

The information provided by you may be held in a database and we may use, store, analyze and transfer and/or exchange such information to provide you with the service, send notifications on the products and services, respond to complaints and enquiries, verify, analyse, share information within the group, use information for other legitimate purposes, to process all Sales Orders placed under your account. 

You shall  not breach any provision of these Terms and Conditions. You shall also ensure that your users shall not breach any of these Terms and Conditions. 

 

 

PROVISION OF THE PRODUCT 

 

We will provide the Products depending on the availability of the Product, your credit balance, availability of the delivery vehicles and any other circumstances that our management would deemed applicable.   

 

USING THE PRODUCT 

You shall not, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement (i) modify, translate, create or attempt to create derivative copies of or copy the INSEE PRO in whole or in part; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reduce the object code of the INSEE Pro to source code form; (iii) circumvent, interfere with, disrupt or disable any security or other technological features or measures of the INSEE PRO; (iv) distribute, sub-licence, assign, share, timeshare, resell, rent, lease, transmit, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer the Product or your right to use the INSEE PRO. 

You shall co-operate with any reasonable security or other checks or requests for information made by us from time to time; and use the information made available to you using the Product and on the Website at your own risk. 

You shall: 

promptly notify us in the event of a breach of security or any unauthorised use of the login details; 

ensure all users keep confidential the login details; 

be liable for all access to and use of the Product whether authorised by you or not. 

You shall keep, and procure that all users keep, any login details confidential and secure. Without prejudice to our other rights and remedies, we reserve the right to promptly disable your login details and suspend your access to INSEE PRO in the event we have any reason to believe that you or any of your user has breached any of the provisions set out herein. 

You shall be liable for breach of this Agreement by a user as if it were a breach by you. We reserve the right to suspend the access of any user we believe, acting unreasonably and breach of this Agreement. 

Our ability to provide the Product may be impaired by conditions or circumstances that are beyond our control, including, without limitation third party service providers, App-Store availability, geographic or atmospheric conditions, local physical obstructions, software and hardware features or functionality of your devices, personal computer and operating system. We shall take reasonable action to minimise the disruption caused by such circumstances but you acknowledge, agree and accept that some such interruptions may not be avoidable. 

We use industry standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information, data, and/or content. However, you acknowledge and agree that we cannot guarantee complete security of such information, data, and/or content or that our security measures will prevent hacks, worms, bugs, trojans or such other similar devices that may allow access to or unauthorised viewing of such information, data, and/or content. 

We reserve the right to make changes to the INSEE PRO or part thereof, from time to time at our sole discretion, and we may from time to time update, add, remove, modify and/or vary any features or functionalities of the INSEE PRO. Such changes shall not however, remove any material element of functionality previously available as part of the INSEE PRO. 

We are solely responsible for providing any support and maintenance in respect of the INSEE PRO; and you shall comply with any third party terms and conditions which may be applicable from time to time in relation to your use of the INSEE PRO. 

 

DURATION AND TERMINATION OF YOUR SALES ORDERS 

We may suspend or terminate all or any part of your Sales Order(s) immediately on notice to you in the event that: 

you fail to comply with one or more of the terms of this Agreement; 

we believe that there has been fraudulent use, misuse or abuse of any of features and functionalities of INSEE PRO (in whole or in part); or 

we believe that you have provided us with any false, inaccurate or misleading information. 

You acknowledge and agrees that we shall have no liability for any losses incurred by, or any other consequences experienced by, you or any third party as a result of any termination or suspension of its access to the INSEE PRO. 

We may terminate this Agreement (including all related Sales Orders) if you or the user, as applicable, (a) fails to cure any material breach of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after written notice; (b) ceases operation without a successor; or (c) seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors’ arrangement, composition or comparable proceeding, or if any such proceeding is instituted against that party (and not dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter); or (d) if we elect to discontinue providing the Product, in whole or in part. 

Upon termination, your and any of your user(s)’s access to the INSEE PRO shall cease. 

 

 

EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

You hereby warrant that (a) all users with administrative access to the Management Portal are at least 18 years old; (b) you have the right and capacity to enter into and be bound by this Agreement; and (c) you shall comply with all applicable laws. 

EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (A) THE INSEE PRO IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, “WHERE IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY (INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY, AND/OR PERFORMANCE OF, THE PRODUCTS); AND (B) WE DO NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR PROVIDE ANY OTHER FORM OF GUARANTEE THAT THE PRODUCTS AND/OR INSEE PRO MEETS YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, OR ARE ERROR FREE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY US, OUR AGENTS, OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, SUBCONTRACTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY WARRANTY, AND YOU MAY NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO US. THE INSEE PRO MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT TO THE USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM SUCH PROBLEMS. 

The use of INSEE PRO is at the sole risk of you. We shall not be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising from the use of, or inability to use, INSEE PRO, including but not limited to, any liability for errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or any other loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of INSEE PRO. 

You shall indemnify, defend and hold I harmless us for any and all losses in respect of, arising from, or asserted in, any demand, or any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative claim or proceeding commenced or threatened by any third party (a “Third Party Claim”) against us arising or resulting from (a) a wilful breach of obligations hereunder by you (b), the use of the INSEEPRO in a manner not permitted by this Agreement, or, (c) your infringement or misappropriation of, or any other violation of, a third party’s Intellectual Property Rights or (d) breach of confidentiality obligations. 

We shall defend and hold you harmless for any and all losses in respect of, arising from any Third Party Claim against you arising or resulting from  our infringement or misappropriation of, or any other violation of, a third party’s Intellectual Property Rights. 

We shall not be liable for any losses, whether direct or indirect, caused by any errors or omissions in Sales Orders created by you or any of your users or our sales officers on your behalf. 

 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 

The INSEE PRO the website and the documentation, including all Intellectual Property Rights, title and interest therein, and all upgrades and other adaptations and modifications of or to the foregoing (including as developed by us in the course of providing support services), are owned or licensed by, and are proprietary to us. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, we grant no rights or licenses under this Agreement whatsoever in or to INSEE PRO or the object Code or Source Code therein. All rights and licenses to INSEE PRO not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved by us. No title to or ownership of INSEE PRO or source code or proprietary rights related to INSEE PRO or any related materials is transferred to you under this Agreement. You are expressly prohibited from: 

reproducing, copying, editing, transmitting, uploading or incorporating into any other materials, any of the Product or the Website; and 

removing, modifying, altering or using any registered or unregistered marks/logos/design owned by us and/or its licensors, and doing anything which may be seen to take unfair advantage of our reputation and goodwill or could be considered an infringement of any of the rights in the Intellectual Property Rights owned by and/or licensed to us. 

You acknowledge and agrees that (i) we may monitor the use of the INSEE PRO by you and collect data relating to such use solely for purposes of: (a) providing the INSEE PRO, (b) ensuring compliance with this Agreement, and (c) planning, development and improvements with respect to the INSEE PRO;  

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the term “Intellectual Property Rights” mean means patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, designs, copyrights and other forms of intellectual or industrial property, know-how, inventions, formulae, confidential or secret processes, trade secrets and proprietary confidential information, and any other protected rights and assets, and any licenses and permissions in connection therewith, in each case in any part of the world and whether or not registered or registrable and for the full period thereof and all extensions and renewals thereof, and all applications for registration in connection with the foregoing; 

 

 

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 

This Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of Sri Lanka. 

The Parties herein irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of the competent courts of law in Colombo, Sri Lanka. 

 

 

CONFIDENTIALITY 

All confidential, non-public information one party receives from the other in its performance of this Agreement that is marked “confidential” or that the other party knows, or reasonably should know, is confidential to such party, including software and information relating to products, pricing, Intellectual Property, technical information, business strategies (including the existence of, the terms of and its position in any dispute in relation to an Agreement), employees, officers, contractors and agents and customers (“Confidential Information”), will be held in confidence and only be used strictly in accordance with this Agreement and not for any other purposes and will not, without the express written consent of the disclosing party, be used or disclosed except to those of the receiving party’s representatives who are bound to substantially similar obligations of confidentiality and have a need to know. Each party will be responsible and liable for the acts and omissions of its representatives to the same extent as if performed by such party. In any case, the receiving party shall exercise at least the same standard of care to protect such information from unauthorised disclosure or use as it uses to protect its own confidential information of a similar nature, which in no event shall be less than reasonable care. For the avoidance of doubt, information which (a) is in the public domain at the time of its disclosure by disclosing party or thereafter; (b) was properly in the receiving party’s possession prior to such disclosure by disclosing party; or (c) was disclosed to receiving party by a third party who did not obtain such Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, from the other party subject to any confidentiality obligation, will not be considered Confidential Information under an Agreement. Notwithstanding the confidentiality obligations under an Agreement, the receiving party is free to make disclosure of any Confidential Information in a judicial, legislative, or administrative investigation or proceeding or to a government or other regulatory agency; provided that, to the extent permitted by the circumstances, the receiving party provides to disclosing party prior written notice of the intended disclosure to enable the disclosing party the reasonable opportunity to contest or limit such disclosure (including reasonable assistance at disclosing party’s expense) or, if prior written notice is not permitted, prompt notice of such disclosure. Each party acknowledges that the disclosure of Confidential Information may cause irreparable injury to the party whose information is disclosed. Therefore, each party is, upon a disclosure or threatened disclosure of any Confidential Information, entitled to seek injunctive relief. This provision shall not in any way limit such other remedies as may be available to such party at law or in equity. 

 

GENERAL 

If either party is prevented or delayed from performing any of its obligations under this Agreement by acts of God, war, hostilities, riot, fire, epidemics, pandemics, explosion, accident, flood, sabotage, lack of adequate power or labour, strike, lock-out or injunction, compliance with governmental laws, regulations or orders or any other cause which affects performance of this Agreement arising from or attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond the reasonable control of the party affected (“Force Majeure”) its obligations under this Agreement shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure continues and to the extent that that party is so prevented, hindered or delayed. If any Force Majeure prevails for a continuous period in excess of 30 days, either party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement in its entirety or in part by giving notice in writing to the other party. 

 If we fail at any time to insist upon strict performance of our obligations under this Agreement, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled to under this Agreement, this will not constitute a waiver of any such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. No waiver by us of any of the Terms shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing. 

Neither party will be responsible for delays resulting from circumstances beyond the reasonable control of such party, provided that the non performing party uses reasonable efforts to avoid or remove such causes of non-performance and continues performance hereunder with reasonable dispatch whenever such causes are removed. 

All notification and communication should be sent to the contact details set out in the INSEE PRO. A notice or communication is deemed given: (i) if delivered personally, when left at the relevant party’s address; (ii) if sent by registered post, two working days after posting it; (iii) if sent by email on completion of its transmission. 

If any of this Agreement are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent, be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

This Agreement represent the entire agreement between you and us in respect of your use of the website and the INSEE PRO and shall supersede any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between us, whether oral or in writing. 

The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement (in whole or in part) or any of the your rights or obligations hereunder without our prior written consent. We may require you and the proposed assignee/transferee to agree to additional terms or pay additional fees. We do not give blanket consents, so you will follow these procedures for each additional or subsequent transfer or assignment you or your permitted assignees/transferees wish to make. We may assign this Agreement and any of our rights or obligations under this Agreement to an Affiliate, in our sole discretion. 

You acknowledge that in entering into this Agreement, you have not relied on any representations, undertaking or promise given by or implied from anything said or written whether on the website, the Internet or in negotiation between us (whether made innocently or negligently) except as expressly set out in this Agreement. 

We may alter or amend this Agreement by giving reasonable notice on our website. By continuing (or Users continuing) to use the Product after expiry of the notice period, you will be deemed to have accepted any amendment to this Agreement. 
